(DOCS-9683) Add Azure resource collection (#26684)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/infrastructure/resource_catalog/_index.md

See the [AWS Config integration page][6] to launch a CloudFormation template that sets up change event forwarding through AWS Config.

#### Azure

> After you've submitted your request to the form above, ensure **Resource Collection** is enabled for the Azure subscriptions in the [Azure integration tile][14] to also collect resource configuration changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To collect resource configuration changes, enable **Resource Collection** for your Azure subscriptions in the [Azure integration tile][14].
```

> After confirming that you have enabled resource collection under the **Resource Collection** tab in the [Azure integration tile][14], submit your request using the [form above](#recent-changes). There are no other setup steps.

Reviewer 2: @andresromerodatadog Does the wording here look ok? 

@buraizu Maybe recommend switching to something like this - 
"After you've submitted your request to the form above, please ensure Resource Collection is turned on for the Azure subscriptions in the [Azure Integration tile][14] to also collect resource configuration changes."
